# Loops and Arrays Questions
Difficulties range from * (easy) to ***** (hard).

## Problem 1: (*)
### Populate and Reverse
Create an array of integers of length 5 and populate it using a for loop with values from 0 through 5.
Then print out the array backwards using a for loop.

## Problem 2: (*)
### Simple Triangle
Print out these shapes using nested for loops
```
*
**
***
****
*****

1
12
123
1234
12345
```

## Problem 3: (**)
### Squash and Split
Create an array of random numbers (Can be hardcoded in). Print out the sum of those numbers and which numbers from 2-9 the sum is divisible by.

## Problem 4: (**)
### Loopable Calculator
Add while loops to make your calculator project repeatable. The code should keep asking for numbers to add unless the input "q" is given, in which case the calculator should quit.

## Problem 5: (***)
### Magic Square
If a matrix has all of its rows, columns, and diagonals add up to the same number, it is a "magic square".
Given a 2D 5x5 Array, make sure that all rows, columns, and diagonals sum up to the same number.  If this is/isn't the case for the 2D array, print "This is/isn't a magic square" out to the console.

## Problem 6: (***)
### Scalable Mirror
Write a java program using nested loops to create the following mirror print that is scalable using a constant
```
Size 3:
    <><>
  <>....<>
<>........<>
<>........<>
  <>....<>
    <><>

Size 4:
      <><>
    <>....<>
  <>........<>
<>............<>
<>............<>
  <>........<>
    <>....<>
      <><>
```

## Problem 7 (****)
### Blackjack
Make a fully playable game of blackjack (player vs. CPU). Not much help on this one, its open to interpretation. DM me for help!

## Problem 8 (*****)
### Outfit Maker
More of a project than a problem. Details to come!


